hello everyone it's Celina and I'm back
with a number cambridge blog it's
Tuesday and it's officially my last day
of lectures of the term and if you're
wondering where our lectures are ending
on Tuesday it's because in Cambridge
terms are ending on weird days so
basically Wednesday is the last day of
term but I don't have any lectures in
Wednesday's so today's my last day I
also have to supervision this week one
I'm having this morning at 8:30 so that
one is going to be done and then I have
another one on Friday which I'm gonna
prepare for after today so that's pretty
much the plan for the week because I
have a lot of two days off but obviously
we still have a lot of meetings with our
director of studies and our tutor is
cetera so I'm gonna you know prepare for
my other supervision for which I also
should write an essay and I also have to
write another paper which is due because
we have like a half paper which isn't
really a course but it's still something
you know you have to hand in so that so
those are all the things that I'm hoping
to you know ever start or get done this
week and yeah that's basically time for
me to go get breakfast and I go for my
Elliot supervision then I have two
lectures and then I probably go and
study in a university library and then
I'll go back here after my last lecture
because I have another lecture at 5
o'clock for animal rights law but then
it's done and yeah then my lectures for
the term will have ended
[Music]
hey guys I'm back in my room now I was
planning to go to university library but
somehow is feeling off it's the end of
term and just you know start to sink in
and then basically my motivation died so
yeah that's why I'm here but
unfortunately it's very very rainy I
mean look at that so basically my hair
is just super super wet and I really
wish I hadn't taken a shower yesterday
because it was unnecessary so yeah
that's that I mean I feel like my hand
was really dry on the camera but it's
really not maybe even see it better like
this no like you can't really see it is
quite wet so yeah what I'm gonna do it
I'm probably gonna blow dry my hair just
a little and then I'm just gonna lie
down and do nothing because I'm lazy ya
know like I think I'm just gonna chill
here now for like a good hour maybe two
I don't know definitely you know for a
bit and if you're doing nothing maybe
reading and then I have to go back
because I have animal rights law so
that's pretty much the plan and maybe
some of people will grab dinner tonight
cuz it's the last day of term but we
don't know yet so yeah let's see and
it's a few hours later now and I
basically didn't do with any work for my
degree which is great but I think it's
fine it's the last day of term I don't
have you know any lectures so I think
I'll be able to finish civil all
probably tomorrow so I should be fine
but I did read a little bit in my new
book of the week which is called less
and I think it's gonna be a good book
like I don't really know how to describe
this but do you know like when you start
reading a book and you feel like this
book is gonna make me happy like you
know it's gonna have like a nice ending
and you feel like it's gonna have like a
good storyline I don't know this book
gives me these vibes I don't know let me
know if you can relate maybe you find
this really weird but I feel like there
are some books where you just feel like
you know they're gonna give you some
happy vibes and yeah I mean I could be
totally wrong maybe just ends up and
like a dramatic ending but I'm not
really getting those vibes from the
cover but who knows I might be very
wrong
but yeah so far I really like it um and
I'm interested to see where that story
goes also I don't have to go back to the
faculty and attend my final lecture of
the term for animal rights law and the
course animal rights law will be done
then because it's not an official course
at Cambridge yet but it will be soon so
we won't be taking an exam and animal
rights law so this is like the final
final thing we're doing and then it's
done so yeah it's pretty exciting that's
gonna be one course that I finished so
yeah also the weather has gotten so much
better I'm so happy that I don't have to
walk back to the faculty in the rain
because it's actually gotten a bit sunny
now so that is a lot more pleasant and
yeah now I'm just gonna walk back do my
final lecture for animal rights law and
finish the course and maybe I'm gonna go
out with my friends later and you know
just have to know with them to celebrate
the end of term but yeah we'll see
and guess I've officially finished
animal rights law now so this is one
chorus done I mean its course not grated
or anything and it's not an official of
course but nonetheless it feels great to
be done with one of my courses so yeah
today wasn't really a lecture it was
more of like a reflection session on the
course itself and apparently there might
be an advanced class next year which we
can take um which is still an optional
class but I found the first class really
really interesting so I think I might go
for the second one next year I'll see if
I have time and if it works my schedule
[Music]
hey guys and I'm back from dinner with
my friends it was really really good we
went out and got some Italian food and
there was an amazing offer from uni days
where you could be a group of up to six
people and you got 40% off so yeah we
were feeling great about that and then
we ended up at McDonald's for a dessert
which honestly is not surprising given
that I was part of the group but yeah
but it was really really nice and you
know we just chatted and celebrated that
we made it for the term and yeah I feel
really good now you know like you know I
gave myself a break today and I think
that was good and important but tomorrow
I'm gonna have to get back to work
because I have a super vision coming up
on Friday and I still need to write an
essay for that one but then I'll
officially be done with my term work and
then I can just you know focus on it one
paper that I have to write and I'm I
work for animal rights law and yeah then
I can just you know take a little break
which is great so yeah I guess I'll go
to bed now and then I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning bye good morning guys
it's Wednesday and today I'm just gonna
do a lot of civil law and that's pretty
much the plan for today because yeah
well I just need to finish it and I want
to write my essay first civil tomorrow
so that I can hand it in because the
deadline is 5:00 p.m. tomorrow so that
should be fine if I can finish the
reading list today so yeah let's see if
that works out I'm also going to go and
grab lunch with see Jen and we quickly
gonna go Sainsbury's because we need
food a fridge and that's pretty much
what I'm gonna do for out the day civil
and then meet my friend but I also have
a dinner in the evening and for the
bursaries that I received for my college
because the donors are coming to the
college and we're just gonna have dinner
with them and they are super super nice
I've already met them at a number of
college events so I'm really excited to
see them again and yeah that's pretty
much all I'm going to do so I'm mainly
going to focus on civil law and
hopefully finish it so yeah let's go
[Music]
and it's a couple hours later now and I
did manage to get quite a bit done for
civil law but we still have a long way
to go so that's what I'm going to do in
the afternoon but now I'm gonna go and
grab lunch rescission and then we
quickly going to go to Sainsbury's and
then I'm gonna get back to civil law so
we're at lunch and everywhere our
favorite place actually my favorite
place but please yeah but it's good it's
good
and we're back at Sainsbury's yeah it is
and I'm back in my room now and I got
everything I needed from Sainsbury's so
I'm just gonna quickly put all the fits
in my fridge and then I'll get back to
civil law and hopefully finish it before
it is dinner for my brother estas
[Music]
hey guys it's half-past six now so I'm
not gonna get ready for vagina for my
bursary and it starts at 7:00 so I'll
see you guys in a bit when I'm done and
then I'll go and I'll see if I can film
there and I'm done
so I hope that the South said we'll just
you know pass as business casual or
whatever I just hope it's gonna be
appropriate and so yeah I'm just gonna
go over there now it's here in college
and yeah I'll see if I can film there
I'm not really sure but yeah I'll see
you back in film and then I'll see you
guys later
and I'm back for my dinner it was really
really nice all the recipients October
sorry I'm just like incredible people
and they're so inspiring and um the man
who donates for our bursary he is such a
nice guy and like I don't know he's just
really really interested in everybody's
field and yeah he just makes great
conversation I really enjoyed it and it
was great to meet everybody but it was
quite long so I think now I'm just gonna
take a quick shower and then I'll go to
bed so that tomorrow I can get up early
probably do some laundry and then also
of course write my essay for civil law
and I still have some readings to do but
I don't think it's that much because
those are readings which are printed on
our supervision sheet so is that she
like why don't you sentences and you
just have to highlight so I think I can
do that in like 10 minutes and then
start my essay so that should be fine so
yeah that's pretty much the plan also I
did manage to quickly fill in our table
but I didn't really fill in during
dinner because you know we were just
talking but yeah you can see this here
um so yeah as usual if you go to dinner
and st. John's like it's usually quite
formal and quite nice like you know is
like a little break from the real world
so yeah but now I think I'll just take a
quick shower and then I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning so that I can work on
my essay and it's Thursday so today I'm
gonna write my stuff a lot as they hand
it in and that's pretty much all I'm
gonna do today
I finished my few readings that I had
left for civil Lauda's morning and they
were pretty easy because they wouldn't
read out a few sentences which were just
on our supervision sheet and you just
have to read them so I could really do
this and like I think like 15 minutes or
something so I'm gonna write my essay
today and I think I'm just gonna take a
chill and you know take a few breaks in
between and just you know hopefully
finish it and send it
so yeah that's pretty much the goal of
the day right that sa
[Music]
and I'm finally done with my essay and I
took her ridiculous amount of time to
write this but I finished it and I just
scanned it and sent it to my supervisor
so this is done but I didn't reach her
forever
so yeah but I guess you know it's the
first day of the holiday and I search
for an essay so I was like nah I'm gonna
do this like two really lazy anyway you
know take breaks binge watch a bit of
Netflix in between stuff like that so
yeah that was pretty much what I did
today
Wow I really didn't get a lot done today
but that's fine I wasn't counting on it
so yeah I think now I'm gonna take
another break I mean I don't think I
actually deserve it because I took a lot
of breaks writing that essay but I'm not
no that's gonna take on because it's the
first day of the holidays and I feel
like you know I should relax a little
because time here is super super busy so
when you get a break you actually do
need to take a bit of a break
don't take the entire break off because
yeah that just won't work out well but
take a bit of time off just you know
relax and recharge your batteries so I
think I'm gonna show a little and then
I'm gonna get dinner a bit later and
it's dinner time
and I think I'm gonna go out and grab
some dinner because it's the first day
after holidays I feel like I deserve it
guess where I'm going so yeah this is
actually bad um I mean I told myself I
would get like a max of two McDonald's
meals a week and I would be aiming for
one well its first day and I think this
would be my fourth time at McDonald's I
don't even know I lost count and that is
problematic and I'm back in my room with
my McDonald's so yeah I'm just does now
find a way and it's serious is this
thing called chicken stew like you guys
probably know about this but I didn't
because I always had chicken McNuggets
but they are so good oh my god so yeah
if you're going to McDonald's any time
soon
try doze they are really really good so
yeah but I'm just gonna you know eat my
McDonald's now chill a little and yeah
probably do nothing that is worth
filming so I probably didn't see you
guys tomorrow
but I do want to give myself some credit
today because I may not have achieved a
lot academically
today my energy wrote an essay in like
six hours which normally I should be
able to write like one
half hours so you know just to put this
into context but I did manage to keep on
my lipstick and my lip gloss for one day
which is an achievement because normally
when I have lecture is it's like I put
it on in the morning and then just gone
and I also never ever put on glass
because it's just too much effort but
today I like actually had time to like
you know check if it's still there and
like refill it
I have never done this before yeah you
know I'm feeling like I'm on top of my
beauty routine if there is such a thing
hey guys it's been a couple days since I
last vlog and I'm really sorry I'm but I
was sick and honestly it wouldn't have
been a very interesting blog because it
was introduced me lying in my bed doing
absolutely nothing um so yeah that was
that um but luckily I am fine again and
um I also had the open day for the
college which is really exciting and I
got to meet a few of you guys which is
really really cool um so thank you guys
for saying hi if you did and it was
really nice but unfortunately I was sick
as well so I was just really really
happy that I could make it to the open
day but I was really exhausted over the
weekend so that's why I just slept a lot
and I wasn't productive at all which
wasn't good because we still have an
essay that's due in like two days so
that's what I'm working on today oh it's
Wednesday by the way I realize I didn't
mentioned that so yeah we're working on
that and and I'm also leaving Cambridge
tomorrow for Edinburgh so um I guess we
have to work on that essay really really
fast luckily I did most of my reading so
I think we can make it also really
really exciting news somebody sent me a
gift via Amazon I didn't know you can
send gifts via Amazon but this is so so
cute I'm sorry for shows you guys I
thought I just read this out and I
really really hope that Celine pasty who
sent this to me sees this video because
thank you so much this is so so cute you
literally made my day and yeah I really
hope you see this
so I'm she wrote hi Elena I have just
watched a YouTube video ways that you
want to learn how to cook and I thought
you might enjoy this book if not another
of your friends might all the best from
Celine Thank You Celine so Celine sent
me this book how to boil an egg
184 simple recipes for one this is what
I need because I can literally not boil
an egg like I'm not even you know
exaggerating at this point like that is
the truth I literally cannot boil an egg
so we learn how to boil an egg yeah
cooking you Felina coming soon I promise
because I'm actually trying to learn how
to cook so yeah thank you so much Celine
I really really hope you're seeing this
because you made me so so happy
unfortunately a person doesn't give you
like the email address or something off
the person who gifted this to you
um so I'm just really hoping you're
gonna see it this way and thank you so
so much and yeah now I'm gonna get to
work because I need to write that essay
and I'm sorry get desperate let's write
that essay and then I also did you pack
for Edinburgh and then I also need to
sleep because tomorrow I need to wake up
at 3 a.m. yes I said free am because
precision and I booked the flight from
Heathrow which leaves quite early and
yeah that is the best train connection
we could get so yeah that's the plan
[Music]
okay so I managed to wrap up the reading
so that's good so I just need to write
the essay so yeah we'll see how that
will go but now if we were just gonna
take a quick break and I'm quickly gonna
head over to John Lewis because I'm
traveling tomorrow and I realized my
concealer is empty and basically I'm
running out of mascara as well so I'm
gonna go buy these two and then I'm
gonna get back to work
so I'm not really that motivated to do
the work that I really need to do
because this essay is due really soon
and I don't know why not what about hook
I really don't understand myself right
now
um so now I'm studying with myself yeah
you heard right so I just published this
video like literally each day and so I'm
just watching this and studying Emily
she's studying with myself yeah this is
the level pretty frigid at this point
but somehow is helping I don't know why
but in a weird way it's helping me to
see myself study I cannot explain myself
right now honestly I don't know um but
it's helping so I'm going with it I'm
gonna keep watching this and I'm gonna
keep checking my notes because
apparently is helping so yeah might
write my essay while watching this I
don't know but yeah this is the level of
you know we need motivation that we've
reached at this point so yeah
let's pray that I can actually get my
essay done today
[Music]
and we're finally done with BSA so I'm
just quickly gonna hand this in online
and then I'm gonna start packing and I
have my packing list ready and I think
I've talked about this before but I just
want to say it again this is so useful
if you guys take the time once to make a
packing list with everything you always
need for a trip and then just you know
what you might need if it's a summit or
a oh boy winter trip it's so useful
because you don't have to start you know
making a list again and again whenever
you go traveling so yeah I would highly
recommend sitting down once for like 20
minutes thinking of everything you need
writing it down and then you have this
list forever and now I'm actually gonna
start packing so let's get started
[Music]
you
ok so I have everything ready so I'm
just gonna try it to get most of these
things into this bag which is gonna be
at my carry-on and then I'm gonna put
the rest of my handbag and let's just
hope that everything's gonna fit
okay so I finally have everything packed
on my trip tomorrow so now I'm gonna
take a quick shower and I'm gonna go to
bed
and yeah then I'm gonna get up at 3 a.m.
tomorrow morning which is amazing so
yeah that's it for this vlog I'm
hopefully gonna catch a few hours of
sleep and I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog and I'm really sorry that I didn't
vlog for like such a long period in
between but I was really sick and
honestly you guys don't want to see me
being safe because it's super super
boring also I realized that I never
checked back in with you guys about the
book but I would HIGHLY highly recommend
it
I finished it while I was sick and I can
just say it's amazing read it if you can
I'm gonna link it in the info box below
if you guys are interested it's a really
really great book it just has a great
storyline and yeah some great lessons to
reflect upon um so yeah I would HIGHLY
highly recommend the book if you're
interested yeah see you guys soon thank
you guys so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this blog have a nice day bye